[4120][REF][ADD] report_csv, report_format_option (#117)
qrtl/axls-oca: report_encoding/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds an encoding option for reports. It is not meant to stand alone; instead, it will be used as a base for other reporting-related modules (e.g., report_csv).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a technical module to add encoding fields to ir.actions.report model and it does nothing by itself. The module is expected to be a dependency of other reporting modules (e.g., report_csv).
```
